= Heroku Asset Cacher

This plugin will override the caching options of Rails helpers: javascript_include_tag and stylesheet_link_tag. It will
instruct them to place their cached assets into the Rails /tmp directory, the only writeable directory in Heroku. It then adds
some Rack middleware to route requests for those files to the /tmp directory.

== Install

  script/plugin install http://github.com/mgomes/heroku_asset_cacher.git
  
== Usage

This plugin will only override the requests for all.js and all.css. So please use the convention of naming your cached JS and CSS assets: all.js and all.css, respectively. (these are the default naming conventions).
Here is an example:

  javascript_include_tag :all, :cache => true
  stylesheet_link_tag :all, :cache => true
  
Or you can specify individual files to cache, as such:

  javascript_include_tag 'jquery', 'jquery.tooltip', :cache => true
  stylesheet_link_tag 'main_design', 'secondary_design', :cache => true
  
Files that are not included in the all.js or all.css bundle will still be served from their original directories.

== Warnings

The path names that Rails stores the location of its cached assets are stored as constants. This causes some annoying warnings to popup when using the plugin:

  ./lib/actionpack_overrides.rb:4: warning: already initialized constant JAVASCRIPTS_DIR
  ./lib/actionpack_overrides.rb:5: warning: already initialized constant STYLESHEETS_DIR

Unfortunately there is nothing that can be done about these.

== Testing

  rake test

== Previous Art

This plugin is based off of the work by Matthew Savage in his {Heroku Asset Packager}[http://github.com/amasses/heroku_asset_packager] plugin.

== Author

Copyright (c) 2010 Mauricio Gomes, released under the MIT license
